README.md, before:

<h1 align=center>Hi! I'm Jonathan Chiu.</h1>

## 🦄 About

17, STUDENT, DEVELOPER

- 2020 - 2023: 👨‍🎓 Student (General), Hongfan School Attached to Chongqing No.8 Secondary School
- 2025 - 2028: 👨‍🎓 Student (General), Chongqing No.8 Secondary School

## ⌨️ Coding...

- HTML and CSS
- JavaScript
- Python

## 🌐 Speaking...

See me on [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/jonathanchiu98).

- 🇨🇳 Mandarin
- 🇺🇸 English
- Learning:
    - 🇯🇵 Japanese
    - 🇪🇸 Spanish
    - 🇫🇷 French
    - 🇮🇹 Italian
    - 🇮🇱 Hebrew
    - 🇬🇷 Greek

## 💪 Interested in...

- 🚴‍♂️ Road cycling
- 🖥️ Apple's and Tesla's products
- 🐧 Linux
- 🐳 Server, NAS and Docker
- 🎵 `Pop` and `Electronic` music
- 🎞️ `LGBT` movies and TV shows

## 🎮 Playing...

See me on [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/quinn0823) or [Epic Games](https://store.epicgames.com/u/109b66d638bd4aaeb32574a33cd3d87b).

- 🚛 SCS truck simulator games (ETS2 and ATS)
- 👾 Minecraft
- 🐤 Stardew Valley
- 🏙️ Cities: Skylines
- 👒 Spiritfarer
- 🎢 Poly Bridge
- 🏗️ Prison Architect
- ✈️ Transport Fever
- ...

## 👨‍💻 Working on...

### Apple Siri Voice Navigation

[Repository](https://github.com/quinn0823/apple-siri-voice-navigation) | [Subscribe on Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3404021712) | Download from Nexus Mods

*Experience the road with Siri! Apple Siri Voice Navigation brings the iconic voices in Apple OS to truck simulator games. With over 80 voices in 21 languages to choose from, Siri is here to guide your trucking adventures, making your journey more enjoyable and memorable.*

Commit message:

Add links to WakeTime, MusicBrainz, IMDb, TMDB, Xbox, World of Trucks, NameMC, Nexus Mods; Update the links section of Apple Siri Voice Navigation

README.md, after:

<h1 align=center>Hi! I'm Jonathan Chiu.</h1>

## 🦄 About

17, STUDENT, DEVELOPER

- 2020 - 2023: 👨‍🎓 Student (General), Hongfan School Attached to Chongqing No.8 Secondary School
- 2025 - 2028: 👨‍🎓 Student (General), Chongqing No.8 Secondary School

## ⌨️ Coding...

See me on [WakeTime](https://wakatime.com/@jonathanchiu).

- HTML and CSS
- JavaScript
- Python

## 🌐 Speaking...

See me on [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/profile/jonathanchiu98).

- 🇨🇳 Mandarin
- 🇺🇸 English
- Learning:
    - 🇯🇵 Japanese
    - 🇪🇸 Spanish
    - 🇫🇷 French
    - 🇮🇹 Italian
    - 🇮🇱 Hebrew
    - 🇬🇷 Greek

## 💪 Interested in...

See me on [MusicBrainz](https://musicbrainz.org/user/JonathanChiu), [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/user/ur179299327) or [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/u/quinn0823).

- 🚴‍♂️ Road cycling
- 🖥️ Apple's and Tesla's products
- 🐧 Linux
- 🐳 Server, NAS and Docker
- 🎵 `Pop` and `Electronic` music
- 🎞️ `LGBT` movies and TV shows

## 🎮 Playing...

See me on [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/quinn0823), [Epic Games](https://store.epicgames.com/u/109b66d638bd4aaeb32574a33cd3d87b), [Xbox](https://www.xbox.com/zh-CN/play/user/Quinn110823), [World of Trucks](https://www.worldoftrucks.com/en/profile/9217093), [NameMC](https://namemc.com/profile/JonathanChiu.1) or [Nexus Mods](https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/JonathanChiu).

- 🚛 SCS truck simulator games (ETS2 and ATS)
- 👾 Minecraft
- 🐤 Stardew Valley
- 🏙️ Cities: Skylines
- 👒 Spiritfarer
- 🎢 Poly Bridge
- 🏗️ Prison Architect
- ✈️ Transport Fever
- ...

## 👨‍💻 Working on...

### Apple Siri Voice Navigation

[Repository](https://github.com/quinn0823/apple-siri-voice-navigation) | [Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3404021712) | Nexus Mods

*Experience the road with Siri! Apple Siri Voice Navigation brings the iconic voices in Apple OS to truck simulator games. With over 80 voices in 21 languages to choose from, Siri is here to guide your trucking adventures, making your journey more enjoyable and memorable.*
